Unaware of life and death
Please be careful
He has charm
Can limit divine power
Shen Yun, right? I have it too
Ahhhh!
I feel so crushed.
Such a powerful majesty
Deceive others
I can't breathe.
I'm dying.
I seem to
I seem to be doing it again
Was it a terrible encounter just now? Go to hell
Behind you
You are too slow, how is that possible?
How can he still be so fast in my realm?
Impossible how can you be stronger than your master
When did I say my disciple was not as good as me?
Will your hell not fail?
Watch me open
Ah!
So heavy pressure
How could he be better than the new army?
Then aren't we
Supreme Prison
Could it be that you have developed a divine body?
That's right, I was already Yuan Zhen Kyushu back then
Now I have become a god
Just retrieve the essence
I can rise to become a true immortal
kneel
Ah no
Lord Shen Ping
As long as you spare my life
I'll do whatever you want me to do
You still want to use this trick
Do you think I'm a fool?
Yang Fan, you can't trust him
Don't worry, hey